The initial page was build using a very similar Bootstrap navbar to the navbar we created in class.
Using container-fluid, navbar-brand, and navbar-toggle, I created a navbar with links to each section
(About Previous Works, Projects, and Contact).

I linked to blank stylesheets and javascript files to start, focusing on getting the main page
built with Bootstrap. The Bootstrap documentation was wildy helpful for the vast majority ofmy styling decisions.

Once the main page was built, I began work on the About section. Finding a way to align my image with the text was
more dfficult than I expected. I settled on adding custom CSS that would add significant margins and padding to my h2 tags.
I used Bootstrap rounded-circle to style my image. I additionally chose to make the body of my page Times New Roman,
as I have always loved that font.

Adding id attributes at this stage was crucial, allowing me to link the navbar list items to each section. I teachingbegan work on
the previous works section. Initially, I chose to simply add an img tag with a snapshot of my resume. I changed thisapproach later, causing
many issues. Because I ultimatey chose to explore embedding PDF files, I decided to research how to use javascript
and Bootstrap to make a button that would hide/show the embedded PDF. What I did not expect were the many accessability issues
PDF files introduce. As a result, I learned a ton of interesting features of Bootstrap and its classes that allow
collapsible content, but I also learned that PDF files have to be manually audited for accessability, and that
WAVE would not ever remove alerts relating to PDF files. By using the collapse class and creating Javascript functions
that change the contents of the button, I was able to finally implement a collapsible pdf embed.

The form was my next task. By adding mb-3 to each form element and py-5 to the section, I let Bootstrap take created
of a lot of the styling for my form. Here, I also learned about the textarea tag and its usefulness when
creating Contact forms. Accessibiity was a major issue in my original form, leading to a better understanding of 
value and id as crucial attributes. I chose to use Javascript to give a message to the user when the form was 
submitted. The submit button triggers a simple function that alerts the user, using their name, that the 
form has been submitted.

The Projects section was my last major task. Deciding which projects to include was difficult. I chose to ony
use school projects from previous CS courses for privacy reasons. I used the col-md-4 Bootstrap class to created
three side-by-side columns. The content decribes each proect and provides links to the respective GitHub repos.